// Compost colors for productivebees. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
adv_breed_all_bees, #cdffff
adv_breed_bee, #ffffff
bee_bomb, #dad9f1
bee_cage, #a25832
bee_nest_diamond_helmet, #fff1b9
configurable_honeycomb, #ffffff
draconic_chunk, #ffffff
draconic_dust, #ffffff
gene, #ffffff
gene_bottle, #ffffff
honey_treat, #ffffc2
honeycomb_ghostly, #ffffff
honeycomb_milky, #ffffff
honeycomb_powdery, #ffffff
milk_bottle, #ffffff
nest_locator, #fcfff7
obsidian_shard, #ffffff
sturdy_bee_cage, #66431f
sugarbag_honeycomb, #fffab9
treat_on_a_stick, #ffffff
upgrade_anti_teleport, #ffe8d7
upgrade_base, #fff0dc
upgrade_bee_sampler, #ffe4d7
upgrade_breeding, #ffdcc9
upgrade_comb_block, #ffdeab
upgrade_filter, #ffe7d3
upgrade_not_babee, #ffdac6
upgrade_productivity, #ffeed2
upgrade_productivity_2, #ffd3bf
upgrade_productivity_3, #ffcfb2
upgrade_productivity_4, #e0967a
upgrade_range, #ffe8d4
upgrade_simulator, #ffe4d0
upgrade_time, #ffd7d0
wax, #ffc036
wither_skull_chip, #ffffff
